[GENTLE MUSIC]
>>MERCEDES ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
I gave a reading to one
of my professors of her entire
life, and she was mind blown.
And she was like, the
most Catholic of them all.
We've entered into
an age of air,
and we're learning to
understand air, which
is the power of our minds.
Astrology, to me,
is very intuitive.
Like, once you know the
codes and the patterns
and the meanings of each
planet, each sign, each house,
it's like reading a
map or reading a soul.
This pattern is not
going to limit your life.
It comes to guide you
to awaken in this life.
I know a lot of people who
are very scared nowadays
of technology and AI,
and in a way, that's
Pluto and Aquarius for us.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Some people
are born to read the stars.
Mercedes Aranús began
reading them at age 15.
Her passion is to combine
astrology with dream work
as well.
And so she says that's the path
to ordering our daily lives.
But we're going to get into a
lot more than our daily lives.
Welcome, Mercedes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Hi, Regina.
>>REGINA: We've been having
a blast talking off camera,
because one of the areas
I really want to get into
is generational astrology.
Because that's
kind of a pop theme
right now, because you
see it in headlines.
I mean, Gen Z, Millennials,
Boomers, everybody
blaming and pointing
fingers at each other.
And I think it's
just another source
of division at the moment.
And I thought we would
get into allowing people
a deeper understanding
of the beauty of each
of these generations and
some of the challenges.
But first, let's talk
about you, because you've
been in astrology
since you were a kid.
So how did you--
how did your fascination
with astrol--
without going into
past life stuff,
how did your association
with astrology
begin as a young girl?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So, yeah,
at the age of 15, in school,
we were asked to just
choose a project,
just choose something that
we loved and that we wanted
to work on for an entire year.
>>REGINA: Wait, this
is in regular school?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah,
my regular school.
>>REGINA: They let
you choose anything?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And I actually
went to a Catholic school.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, I love it.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So at
the age of 15, I was like,
I need to do something, and I
need to choose something that
I'm so passionate into that I
can work and I cannot get bored
about it for an entire year.
So I chose astrology.
Because I grew up in
like, a very spiritually
awakened family.
So my parents had a
free meditation center,
so I grew up with meditation,
astrology, astronomy.
>>REGINA: And Catholicism.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Yeah, Catholicism,
which was my
mother's background.
But anyway, my family--
my parents were already
starting to transcend that,
but yet, I was in
a Catholic school.
So I had a little bit of
a background in astrology,
but I was not so much into it.
But I chose that as a
topic for my school.
And then--
>>REGINA: First of all, how did
the sisters feel about that?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: I wanna
hear that story.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: I know.
I know.
So everyone was freaking out.
There were nuns-- nuns--
>>REGINA: I'm assuming.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: --in my school.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So every nun or
every teacher was sort of like,
supervising each
student with that topic.
Because at the
end of the course,
you had to give an entire
presentation about that topic
to sort of like--
>>REGINA: Were they holding
up garlic and rosaries
when you did yours?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Yeah, pretty much.
I was like, very judged.
Because at that
time, especially,
was like, oh, she's
like, a big freak.
That's very weird.
But in order to provide
for a whole year
content of information,
I had a teacher.
I had like, my own
personal teacher.
And then, I joined
an Astrology Academy.
This was at the age of 15.
So by the age 16, I
finished up my project.
I did an entire
presentation of astrology
in front of like, the whole
teachers, nuns, and well,
tribune.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I'm trying to feel on into that.
Yeah.
And how was it received?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: I got--
I was graduated with honors.
>>REGINA: So they're
open-minded enough
to see the validity and the
hard work that you'd put in.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Well, you know why?
Because I did-- like,
part of the project
was to give a reading
to the teachers.
>>REGINA: Oh, smart.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I love it.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So I give the--
I give a-- I gave a reading
to one of my professors,
an actual chart reading
of her entire life,
and she was mind blown.
And she was like, the
most Catholic of them all.
The most Catholic.
She was mind blown.
Mind blown.
And it's like, one of my--
the best astral chart
reading or one of the best--
>>REGINA: Probably one
of the greatest moments
of your life to this day.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
>>REGINA: To be able to prove
to all of these doubters
and non-believers in astrology.
And so did that give you--
did you feel kind of
accepted after that
in terms of the
world of astrology
and what you brought
to the table?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Absolutely.
100%.
I was like, OK, I'm
doing something right.
Especially because I got
graduated with honors
because of that project.
So I was like, OK,
this is my path.
>>REGINA: This is what
you're here to do.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: This
is what I'm here to do.
This is my route.
>>REGINA: So how long
before you started
using it to read other
people, and then,
ultimately, becoming a reader?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: That's
a rough question,
because I feel I've
been a reader--
>>REGINA: Since then?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: --my
entire life, yeah.
>>REGINA: Since then.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Because
astrology to me is very
intuitive.
Like, once you know the
codes and the patterns
and the meanings of each
planet, each sign, each house,
each connection in between the
planets is like reading a map
or reading a soul.
So you're reading a
soul's journey, just based
on looking at a graphic,
which is like a map.
>>REGINA: Well, and
clearly, someone like you,
you're not dabbling.
You are doing this from
your own soul's level.
And I would guess that you--
aside from being able to
technically read the charts,
you bring a fair amount
of intuition to the table.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: It's
pure intuition, I'd say.
It's pure intuition.
I'd say it's like
a 5% knowledge,
and a 95% of pure
intuition, and I'd say love.
Like, it's moving
through the map
with love, because you wanna
guide the person that you're
working with or that you're
reading for with your biggest
and brightest heart.
Like, you just want them to
feel that they're amazing,
that they chose this.
>>REGINA: That's the key part.
That's where I wanna start in
this part of the technical part
of the conversation, is
that they chose this.
Because so many people
I know, the perception
is times are challenging.
First of all, I wanna ask
you why people are perceiving
that times are challenging,
because, I mean,
we all feel the influence.
But at the same
time, I look back
on the past and the
brutality of our history.
We're probably in one of
the most light-filled ages
ever in terms of at
least personal behavior
toward one another.
Let's talk about,
first, the perception
of why things feel so
challenging for humanity right
now.
Is that true?
Is the media projecting that
and it's creating this feeling,
or is there something within
the cosmos that's creating that?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So we've
entered into an age of air.
And air is the mind,
communication, information.
And we're learning to
understand air, which
is the power of our minds.
So in a way, we're
becoming so malleable
that if we're told
that life is chaotic
and that the world is shifting,
we are going to believe it
and our minds are going to shift
into creating that experience.
>>REGINA: So it's actually
because of the fluidity
of the field of the mind because
we're in, what, Aquarius?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Which is all--
Aquarius is also absolutely
brilliant in its ability
to sort through, solve
problems, and find a new way.
So let's go back to
the soul portion of it
and how you see it.
As a soul choosing
to incarnate, you're
choosing your family,
your place, your time,
and all of that.
What's that look like
from you, your side?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So
from my perspective,
and what I've studied, what I've
experienced, what I've felt,
we choose a certain pattern
to be born under based
on the lives, the lifetime
patterns that we're following.
So it's based on frequency,
vibration, codes.
So we choose our date, date
of birth, time of birth,
place of birth, based
on codes that we
need to be born under
so that they resonate
with our soul's pattern and
pattern of evolution, pattern
of growth.
So this is where the life
map or natal chart or astral
chart, however you
want to call it,
comes in, because we're
born under a certain grid,
a certain map, a
certain pattern,
and we choose that date
of birth, time of birth
to be born under that map
or under that pattern.
So let's say that
an astral chart
is like a screenshot
or a picture taken
from our perspective on
Earth from the first moment
that we take breath as humans,
which is our birth time, right?
So from our birth time,
we are given a map just
by looking or having
this picture of the grid
or the celestial sky
from that perspective.
So I feel it's important to
highlight the fact that it's
always from our perspective.
Because when we see things
from other perspective,
reality shifts and
reality changes.
So astrology exists from
our perspective on Earth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
That makes perfect sense.
Of course.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: From our
perspective as humans.
So in a way, when
we're born, we're
given this map which
holds a pattern.
What I want to
emphasize, though,
is that this pattern is not
going to limit your life.
It comes to guide you to awaken
in this life and for you to get
to know yourself so that
you know your pattern,
so that you know what
pattern you're born under,
because you cannot escape
the pattern, the grid,
or the matrix, however
you want to call it,
without knowing what you're
escaping from or what
you're going through or
what to break through from.
So that's why I feel that
knowing that map which
is connected to the
codes of your birth
that your soul chooses
as you are born, right?
And it chooses out of like,
a pattern, out of like,
a motion of energy, and
based on pretty much a grid
of lifetimes.
So by knowing this map, you hold
the key to your life in a way.
>>REGINA: Well,
and what's also--
you're making me reflect
back on I have a friend who
was born in India, and it's
very common practice-- at least,
when she was born.
I know some of the
younger generations
have moved away from this.
But it was a beautiful
practice that a couple of days
after birth, the astrologer
would come to your home
and speak to your parents about
your chart and your strengths
and what you came to do.
And I would think that if a
parent could take heed of that
and it's accurately
read, that that
could be a tremendous help
for a little child growing up.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Wow, absolutely.
>>REGINA: Don't try to force
them into some shoe that
doesn't fit, you know?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And we would
also see what the kid is taking
on from their parents and
their ancestral lineage.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Why
is the kid there?
What's its purpose as
a kid, as their child?
How is the kid perceiving
the mother, the father,
the conditions of birth,
the conditions in which he
was conceived and what
he was conceived for?
Because we all are conceived
for a certain reason.
It's usually subconscious.
But it's beautiful to see
its place in the chart
or to see it illustrated
with a certain code,
a certain constellation, a
certain planetary connection.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that gets-- this also
gets into the subject
that people argue about a lot.
Well, if astrology
is going to rule us,
then we don't have
any free will.
And I always say,
well, sure you do.
You chose it.
Free will is a
misunderstood subject,
and it precedes our
preferences in the moment
and whether we're happy
or unhappy with what's
going on in our lives.
So the free will has
come as the soul, right?
The soul's choice.
So now, you come
into this and you
see such a variety of life
experiences, people who've
chosen the most dire,
challenging environments,
families, times of birth.
So let's talk about
what happens when
you watch a soul who's
chosen the worst conditions
to be born under.
You might not even
make it past three
because you're also in
a drought and you're
going to starve to death.
So how do you see this?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So
it's a very interesting.
I mean, I get asked
this so many times.
But I feel that positive and
negative is a perspective.
There's obviously
more challenging
planetary placements,
but at the same time,
it's also connected to
inheritance, a pattern
that that soul comes
to live and comes
to experience without
the mental judgment
of negative or positive.
I feel it's just experience
and growth and evolution.
>>REGINA: Evolving through.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And evolving
through and resilience,
and seeing different
perspectives,
or breaking through
a mold of starvation,
breaking through a
mold of scarcity, like,
transcending that pattern so
that future generations from
that specific soul can evolve
more or quicker or have much
more lighter human experience.
>>REGINA: And this
includes violence.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because
that's the big one.
That's what gets most people.
Is thay say, no, I
would have never chosen
a life like that where I would
be mistreated in this way,
my parents were abusive,
my boyfriend was abusive.
But the New Age speak
is, well, you chose it.
There is a place for
both, for compassion,
for the growth and
evolution of a soul who's
chosen such a challenging path.
Talk about that for a moment,
because it's hard for people
to accept children who
are abused, for example.
Very hard.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: I have a lot of
clients who come to me telling
me their abuse problems, their
abuse, like, past abuses,
sexual abuse, like
all kinds of abuses,
but they come to
me and immediately,
the first thing that I
do is give them a shift
of perspective.
Because we are all
creators of our life.
And that's why I love
astrology so much because it
shows you the hidden truths.
So someone who has
been abused or has
gone through a big trauma in
their lives, that's also--
it's not that it's
written, but their ability
of put themselves in positions
of victimhood is there.
>>REGINA: You'll see it
in the chart specifically.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: This soul
or this person has a tendency
of finding comfort in very
victimized situations.
>>REGINA: And we
can see this all--
we can all see it either
glimpses in ourself
or people around us where
you keep going through
these repetitive patterns of
even the most subtle abuse.
Maybe you choose to be the butt
of the jokes of your family
and your extended circle
of friends and at work,
and they always say things
that are kind of humiliating.
But somehow, you've
chosen to stay in that
and are not breaking
through it for some reason.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
So for people that have
these codes of loving
to feel that victim,
it's important
that they see themselves
as also a victimizer.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Someone who
loves to be in those states
of causing harm, but also,
receiving it and find that
pleasure or guilty
pleasure on it.
And it's very subconscious.
>>REGINA: It is.
Because oftentimes,
it's a common phenomena
where the abused, once
in a position of power,
become the abusers.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
And it has a lot to do with
their ability to receive love
and what their
subconscious needs
to do in order to attract love.
Because their
subconscious pattern
has not developed into asking
for love when they need it,
but into creating harming
scenarios for them
to ask for love non-verbally.
>>REGINA: So if you're reading
a chart of a person who's
gone through a fair amount
of abuse of whatever kind,
and you're seeing it's
right there in the chart
that they chose a
familial situation which
had that embedded,
do you also see
the contrary aspect
of the path out,
or does that become a matter
of kind of will, if you will.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So I feel that
to balance out that victim mode
is to go towards the
take ownership and take
responsibility of your
life in every situation.
Because, I mean, it's
very normal, especially
nowadays to feel victims of our
parents, victims of the past,
victims of past
generations as well.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: But that
takes responsibility out
of our present moment
and out of ourselves.
So going back again
to the natal chart,
I feel that by looking at it or
understanding or being helped
to understand it, we're given
a very big gift of taking
ownership and responsibility
of our creations
and our experiences, our
surrounding experiences.
Because we are also them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Perfectly stated.
Very articulate, very clear.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Thank you.
>>REGINA: So now
let's kind of dive in.
You just said it a moment ago,
even generations, you know?
Because this is a topic I love.
We teased a bit
at the beginning,
everyone pointing
fingers at each other,
creating even more division.
It's pop culture.
It's part of pop culture
for generations to be
blaming other generations.
It's in headline news.
If you look at your
Apple app, you're
going to see something
on Gen Z or Millennials
and this kind of thing.
So I would like to talk about
what the generations are,
what their influences
are, and what they offer.
So we can go into more
compassionate understanding
of what each one came to offer.
So we can start with the
youngest generation going up
or the older generation.
Really probably the
last one that's relevant
is the Boomers, because
most of the rest
have died off before the
Boomers, for the most part.
And won't be listening to this.
So let's start with the
Boomers and move our way down.
So here you have the Boomers,
post World War II generation.
Raised by the Depression
era generation.
So as a Leo generation, what
did the Boomers represent?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
Before getting to what the
Boomers could represent,
I'd like to talk on
from my perspective, how
I like to see generations.
>>REGINA: Yes, perfect.
Let's do that.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Because I feel
that each generation is born
under a certain
subconscious pattern.
And subconscious
is a Pluto word.
>>REGINA: And let's talk about
Pluto's influence for a moment
and what Pluto represents.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
So Pluto is the smallest planet.
I mean, astronomically,
I'm not even sure if it's
considered a planet anymore.
>>REGINA: People are arguing
it's not a planet anymore.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: It's
a very big argument.
>>REGINA: But it's still
influencing us, right?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Oh, definitely.
And us or the mainstream
world trying to push Pluto out
of the planetary system is also
a key to Pluto being something
that we do not want to face.
Because it's our fears.
It's our shadows.
It's our subconscious.
It's everything
that's so raw, true,
that is so ugly to look at.
And at the same time,
it's so powerful.
We embrace it.
So Pluto's our personal power.
I mean--
>>REGINA: And it's the
power of transformation.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Transformation.
>>REGINA: In its highest.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
And psychic abilities
is the planet
of, well, soul transformation,
a spiritual awakening.
Everything that has to do with
metamorphosis and awakening
and truth and uncovering.
The planet of sexuality as well.
So that's why I
like studying Pluto
to understand generations.
So baby Boomers with
Pluto in Leo, Pluto in Leo
was also making us see.
Because Leo's the energy of the
sun, is the energy of light.
And Pluto is the
energy of darkness.
So in a way, the darkness
was in your face.
The darkness was
really coming out
to light in very key
important figures.
>>REGINA: Well, this
is when a lot of us--
key assassinations occurred
that traumatized certainly
Americans, but other
cultures as well.
It's when a war that was
the first war that people
actually protested against
and said, this is BS.
I'm not going to go over
there for those reasons.
That's the first real protesting
of war en masse that occurred.
So let's talk about it within
that context of assassinations,
rejecting war, and so forth.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Well, when
darkness come out to light,
we tend to reject it.
So souls that have a very strong
impact needed to incarnate
and needed to--
because lots of them
were born with Pluto in Leo.
And they needed to incarnate to
bring the darkness out to light
in the most impactful way.
Because Leo is drama.
Leo is big.
It doesn't have anything
to do with people
who are born under the Leo sun.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: But
the Leo energy is loud,
because it's the
energy of light.
It's in your face.
So by Pluto being there
in that generation,
it created a lot of
fear of the occult,
but also this magnetism to it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Because of--
it's not hidden anymore.
And now it's a time where it
doesn't need to be hidden.
And also with, well,
assassinations.
>>REGINA: There was
a lot of rebellion.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And it
was about when, well,
at least in Europe, big
important figures were taking
control and ownership and
governing the entire continent,
pretty much.
Ruled by very key figure
that held a lot of power.
So it's also how much power
can you hold and how much--
the abuse of power,
how toxic it can be.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So that was--
>>REGINA: And at the
same time, they're
raised by people who were raised
during the Depression, went
through World War II.
So the work ethic
was very strong.
As a Boomer, it was simple.
Everyone I knew, it was all
the same in our neighborhood.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: When you graduate
from high school, you're out.
You're on your own.
You can stay maybe the summer,
but you're on your own.
Now that's changed
considerably, obviously.
It was the way their parents,
our parents were raised,
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So you have this work
ethic, but also kind of harsh.
And we're in a boom materially.
Post-World War II, the
economy is booming.
So now you have material wealth.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And creation.
>>REGINA: Creation.
Yes, creations.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Because
that's the energy of Leo.
Leo's the energy of
creativity, creation.
And Pluto, it's also
the planet of obsession.
But it ruled that
generation's subconscious.
So it's a pressure
to have lots of kids.
It's the pressure to
have lots of businesses.
>>REGINA: A new home.
Have new appliances, a new car.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
Create from scratch.
>>REGINA: Yes, from scratch.
And most of those industries
were from scratch at that time.
So that's the Leo generation.
Kind of the blowback
and rebellion.
And even as older
people, that still
exists within that generation.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
>>REGINA: So then
comes the Gen Xers,
which is really
interesting, because no one
points any figures.
You don't see Gen Xers
ever in the headlines.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: You know why?
Because Pluto was in Virgo.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
OK, so let's talk about that.
So Pluto's in Virgo.
And now what happens?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So Pluto
in Virgo is about the health
industry.
The routines.
Everything that has
to do with building
in a much more conscious way.
>>REGINA: That's when the
health movement started.
Vitamins, running.
All of these things where the
average person, you could see
them starting to jog and such.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
They started to bring awareness
into day to day caring, day
to day lifestyles.
Taking care for your health.
Starting to question if
what we ate was good for us.
>>REGINA: That's right,
the whole nutrition boom
started then.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Is
smoking good for us?
All these drugs, what are
they doing to our system?
So when we started
bringing awareness
into what we're putting
into our bodies and why.
And then we move on to
Pluto in Libra, which
could also be considered Gen X.
>>REGINA: The younger Gen Xers.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Yeah, the younger.
>>REGINA: But that goes
into the classic stamp
of the Millennials.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: The
last years of Gen X.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about that.
So Libra brings a completely
different influence.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Completely different.
So Libra is the energy that has
to do with fairness, balance,
relationships.
Equality.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And everything
that has to do with marriages,
divorce.
So when Pluto moves
into Libra, they
start bringing awareness
that divorce is an option.
Why?
Because Pluto is also
the planet of death.
Libra is the energy
of relationships.
So that's why people who are
born under Pluto in Libra,
they tend to have experienced
a deep transformation
of their relationships
and understanding.
Not understanding divorce,
but understanding how to
transcend divorce.
But it's very normal
with Pluto in Libra
to go through a divorce at
least one time in your life,
because you come to experience
death of a relationship
and the rebirth of another one.
Because before that,
you got married.
And you stayed with that
person forever in a way.
>>REGINA: And we're
talking about the years--
I wrote this down.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: '83 to '95 are the
dominant Libra years, right?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: No,
that's Pluto in Scorpio.
Before that.
So it was from '72 to '83.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah, right.
And so that's when the notion,
which is true, of divorce
started really coming into play.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
>>REGINA: The fairness.
Do I have to stay in
an unbalanced situation
or something that's really
limiting me in some way, right?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
Because that generation
is the one that--
and it's a very key
generation for what
we're going to be experiencing
in these next few decades
in the world, which is
understanding freedom
in relationships and
understanding that we
are each other's mirror.
So if you're not liking
the person you're with
might also be that you're not
liking a big part of yourself.
Why?
Because Pluto's the
shadow, Libra's the mirror.
So with Pluto in
Libra, you're going
to be triggered a
lot to be looking
at yourself or your shadows
in the mirror constantly.
>>REGINA: But it
seems to me also
on top of the
relationship, which
is the big piece that also
Libra brings in beauty.
And so I see a lot of the
entrepreneurs of the Libran age
are the ones who
have built businesses
that are very ordered toward
transforming lifestyle.
Like--
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
>>REGINA: Have a lot of
Zen Buddhist artifacts
in your home.
A Lululemon.
Vegan cheeses and
all of these kind
of gentle, beautiful,
transitional types
of properties to life.
Lifestyle in particular.
Yoga.
Yoga really came in under that.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So Pluto is
power, Libra is aesthetics.
Beauty, balance, fairness, also.
So their superpower, that
generation's superpower,
is their ability to make
everything beautiful.
To make everything likable.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So if a
business started with Pluto
in Libra or a person with Pluto
in Libra creates a business,
it's going to be very
oriented on being likable.
On connecting to the
consumer very well.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So of
course, they hold a very,
very profitable power.
>>REGINA: They do,
for the aesthetics
that they bring to the table.
And so we have aesthetics and
we have deep transformation
of relationships.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And it's also
a period of time where women
started gaining
a lot more power.
Why?
Because Libra is the
calibration of the masculine
and the feminine as well.
And Pluto is putting that
calibration into play
by taking you into
depth of transformation
so that you calibrate
with that placement,
calibrate your masculine
and your feminine
through your relationships.
>>REGINA: So the Boomers
started pointing fingers
at Millennials and vice versa.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Gen X got
skipped altogether.
It's like, I'm sorry.
Well, back when, they were
called the slacker generation.
They weren't known for anything.
Yet you say this brought
a big relationship
to health and well-being.
And just maybe it just
wasn't sexy enough
that it was known for anything.
And maybe some of the
Boomer opportunities
were starting to die
back a bit, because that
was extreme expansion.
So maybe by the time
the Xers became adults,
it wasn't as expansive.
It was a little harder
to make things work,
and so maybe people
took it a little easier.
I don't know.
But let's just skip now then.
So we have Millennials.
And so the Boomers are saying,
they are so entitled and lazy.
Well, we raised them.
[LAUGHS]
So let's talk about that.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Because my
parents are both Boomers, so.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
We raised you
guys, and we wanted
you to have it a little easier
than our tough Depression era
parents.
That was the beginning of
compassion and everyone
getting a gold star, as
they say, in cliche terms.
So let's talk
about that dynamic.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Well, we need
to understand also what was
coming after the Pluto in Libra.
Why is this really powerful?
Why is this a generation
that pretty much transforms
everything?
Because Scorpio is the
home residence of Pluto.
Pluto rules over Scorpio.
And Scorpio is where Pluto,
when Pluto gets there,
it's almost like
where it experience
a death and a rebirth.
So it's depth, it's sexuality,
it's intimacy, it's fears,
it's the occult. A desire
to go for the occult.
And what I find
very interesting is
that when Pluto moved into
Scorpio, Millennials were born.
And is when we started
having the fear of sexuality
because of sexual illnesses.
>>REGINA: And this is when the
whole movement toward incels
and such started.
And also the development
of technology.
I mean, these things obviously
happen simultaneously.
Technology comes
in to substitute
flesh-to-flesh,
face-to-face relationships.
At the same time, it's
indicated that there's
going to be more of a
fear of relationship.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
Fear of intimacy.
>>REGINA: Intimacy, yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So,
I mean, it's part
of the Millennials' process.
But that's why Millennials
hold a very key role.
Because Gen Z, which is
the following generation,
is completely unattached.
And it's very based on that
Millennials were so deep.
So, so looking forward
to connect deeply because
of that Pluto connection.
And then finding that so
scary at the same time because
of emotional dependency.
So yeah, we have
Pluto in Scorpio,
which represent
holding a lot of power,
holding a lot of depth
and emotional intensity.
And it's when
therapy started to be
a little more known
or a little more
like-- it's a little
normal to go to therapy.
>>REGINA: Therapy started, but
also, in a less healthy way,
a lot of division
came with that.
A lot of blaming of others
because of their perspectives.
A lot of social propriety.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: What is the indicating
factor of why that happened?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So I feel this
is very much where we're going
forward.
Because in a way, it's making
us very afraid of seeing
who we truly are.
So people are looking for almost
like a tag to be protected by.
And we see this a lot in
Gen Z. I have a very--
>>REGINA: Yeah,
we're going there.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah, I know.
I know, we're getting
ahead of ourselves.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: But I feel that
it all started there in a way
because of the clash of
Millennials in a way of looking
to move forward with
things that are too scary.
And what is too scary
is to go within.
So that's why Pluto in Scorpio
holders hold a lot of power.
But at the same time, it's
the generation Millennials.
>>REGINA: A lot of fear and
rejection in there, too.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: There you go.
>>REGINA: So now we go to
Gen Z moving out of Scorpio.
And their oldest ones
are about 25 now.
So we go to Gen Z moving out
of Scorpio into Sagittarius.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So
Pluto into Sagittarius,
and it's very related to
what you were just saying.
Which is the
demolishing a system
of beliefs that is
no longer valid.
>>REGINA: See, I've
said this before.
I feel like the Z's are
going to be hugely impactful.
It's like they're here to
burn the house down so we
can start over.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Even though
Millennials bitch about the Z's
now.
Everyone's bitching
because they don't
seem to have the
kind of work ethic
that previous generations
may have had, for example,
and socially don't seem
to care too much what
their parents or
anyone else thinks.
So let's talk about that.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Well, they come
to demolish the way everything
was done.
Especially the way the
culture was doing things.
Society was moving on.
Because Gen Z, I'd even
include Pluto in Capricorn,
which goes from 2008 to 2024.
>>REGINA: Right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And also, going
back to Pluto in Sagittarius,
'95 to 2008, I feel that
that's also when we had a lot
of extreme fanatism.
>>REGINA: Fanaticism, yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Extreme fanaticism.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
Yeah.
Very extreme beliefs.
So I personally see the Z's as
being the ones that will maybe
come complete the tearing
down of the old institutions
and such that don't serve us.
Revolution is always a
little raggedy and ugly.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so we can
point fingers all we want.
But they're still kids.
As they get older
and come into power,
it'll be very interesting to see
how they use that Sagittarian
power.
We don't know yet.
They're too young.
And so now, even the
oldest Z's are giving birth
to the next generation, which
are going to be called--
I guess they're being
called the Alphas.
They're babies.
Now what generation
is that and what
will we-- so just because we're
looking at these big trends.
What will we expect to come
out of this Sagittarius
into Capricorn and Aquarius?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So Sagittarius
Pluto, as we just said,
it was when religion
started to lose power
because of terrorism.
And nobody wanted to
be so extreme anymore
with their belief system.
And that's the power
of that generation.
Demolishing beliefs that are
no longer suitable for us
as a culture, as a society.
Then moving on to the
Alphas, as you were saying.
That's Pluto in Capricorn.
>>REGINA: So what
are they going to be?
They're babies.
They're young.
They're toddlers right now.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: I know.
So Pluto in Capricorn
started in 2008.
That's when we had a big
collapse, financial collapse.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So Pluto in
Capricorn, that generation,
that goes till 2024.
>>REGINA: That's true.
Some of them are teenagers now.
Yeah, right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
That go till 2024.
I feel that what they're
going to be known for
is demolishing the
old ways of building.
Companies, financials.
>>REGINA: The institutions
that transform under them.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And it's needed.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Government.
So that's why with
Pluto in Aquarius, which
is the upcoming generation--
>>REGINA: After 2025.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah,
from 2024-2025, to 2044.
So it's a very long
Pluto transit, this one,
in comparison to the other ones.
But that's going to be
building a brand new society.
But a lot--
>>REGINA: Back to where
we started, Aquarius.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes, I know.
>>REGINA: Which is the
thought, the ability
to create new solutions.
Very finely tuned mind.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And it's
the code for evolution.
So the Alphas that went
from 2008 to 2024 or 2025
that Pluto moves into
Aquarius, they're
going to be responsible
for demolishing
old waste, old structures,
old ancestral patterns.
Demolishing the ways
their parents did things,
their grandparents did things.
And breaking free of a mold
that was too repressing.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
It has to go that way.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And then
we're back to Aquarius.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And
And it's interesting, Regina.
Because Aquarius is
the opposite of Leo,
which is where we started,
with the Baby Boomers--
>>REGINA: That's right.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So finishing
up with Pluto in Aquarius,
I feel it's amazing to
have these generations.
Because Pluto in
Aquarius, it's going
to be bringing an
opening to sexuality,
to matters of spirituality.
And it's making the
individual stand out because
of their own abilities.
That uniqueness that
makes us stand out
in the world, that is our soul,
that is our consciousness.
And in a way, it's a very big
awakening of consciousness.
But of course, Aquarius is
also the energy of technology,
and Pluto is the
energy of the shadow.
So in a way, Pluto in Aquarius
is showing us the hidden--
>>REGINA: Potential dangers.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: The-- yeah.
>>REGINA: Through technology
if we choose that path.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But again,
these are the choices
that will be made on a
collective soul level.
As to what our future
will look like.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
And it's going to make us
be very fearful of what
the future can bring.
Because Aquarius holds
the key to the future.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: So we got to
be aware of creating a very
beautiful future and staying
positive when creating it
and not fall into fear.
I know a lot of people
who are very scared
nowadays of technology and AI.
And in a way, that's
Pluto in Aquarius for us.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
And it's understandable,
because we're
seeing the detrimental
effects already.
However, it's not going away.
We created it, and we can use
it and have mastery over it
for our own use.
And that's going to be
really interesting to see
how we want to participate.
I know one thing that I'm
seeing a lot of people
do right now is--
what is it called?
ChatGP--
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: ChatGPT?
>>REGINA: Yeah, ChatGPT, right.
And people who are like,
geez, I can just punch this in
and have it do it for me.
That's a choice.
But those choices, those
minor little choices,
are going to be huge in the
collective of the future.
I believe.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Absolutely.
Because Aquarius is
the collective mind.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Do we stay engaged, or do
we give it over to a AI?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Exactly.
Exactly.
It's giving too much power
to technology over us.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: And we
are projecting our inner
technologies.
We're projecting our
inner technologies
on to our surroundings.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Absolutely fascinating.
I'm so glad we had
this generational chat.
Because people need to see
the beauty and the reason
for what might be
perceived as chaos,
resistance, expansion,
fear, and all that.
And I think you did a
wonderful job articulating it.
So any final thoughts?
We're just about out of time.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: I'd take
it back to the astral chart.
To take it back
to your evolution
and your growth as a
soul, as consciousness
living a human experience.
And I'd say to go a little
deeper into karmic astrology
to understand your purpose,
what you're here for.
And I'm also very fascinated
by relationships in astrology.
How is your chart combining
with another person's chart?
And it's one of my favorite
topics in astrology
to bring someone's energy
onto my map, my astral chart,
to see how they're helping me.
>>REGINA: Because
you're each coming
from your own perspective,
as we said in the beginning.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's
important to remember.
No two people are coming from
the exact same perspective.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So seeing how that soul helps
me align to my evolution,
to my purpose, and to my
past life or other timelines'
experience.
>>REGINA: Perfect.
Well, I'm sure you
have a lot of people
that look to you for
assistance on that level.
Do you do readings still?
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT:
Yes, I do readings.
And I teach.
I teach people how to read
their own astral chart.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
even more powerful.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Well, it's been a
pleasure meeting you.
And I love the
articulation and grace
that you bring to the subject
as well as the intuition.
>> ARNÚS-ARRAUT: Thank
you so much, Regina.
I enjoyed it so much.
>>REGINA: Fascinating
discussion.
I loved it.
You can go to
astralmethod.com to connect
with Mercedes and her work.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]